This is the second panel of the interface

In this panel you will be able to select the parameter, the station(s) and the dates
you want to test.

     _In the first selection panel, the first list show you all the stations present in the STATIONS 
      column of your database.
      You can select them one by one or by group in the first list by using the top blue arrow button.
      Select < -All- > to take all the stations into account.
      The selected stations appear in the second list.
      To remove stations from your selection, select them in the second list and use the bottom blue arrow button.

     _The <Aggregate stations ?> option give you the possibility to combine the data of the
      different stations during the analysis (the most common case...) and is selected be default.
      If you uncheck this option each station will be treat separately and most analysis couldn't 
      be perform due to the incapacity to treat different time series at the same time.

     _In the second selection panel, the first list show you all parameters present in your database.
      You can select only one parameter; select it and clicking on the arrow button.
      Selecting a second one and clicking on the arrow button will replace the previously selected 
      parameter.

     _You can select also the salinity and depth intervals at which you want analyse your parameter. 
      To proceed, just slide the bars, if you let the bars at minimal and maximal values, 
      parameter values at all salinities or depths will be take into account (including at missing values 
      of salinity or depth). 
      If you select different values, values of the parameter at missing salinity or depth (NA) will be removed 
      from the treatment.

     _On the right side you can select years and months of treatment. By default, minimal and maximal years
      of the database are display, you can change them by clicking on the arrow on the right side of the box.
      Only the months present in your database are display by default, you can delete or add months but each 
      month value must be separated by a unique space.

     _The <Summary> button display descriptive statistics of the selected parameters in the results window
      (in right side of the interface) and in the front of the screen (in a data frame).
     